trucks seem so dangerous more so at noon to me now That truck is trashed
evening everyone what is everyone up to this evening? ~ Mrs.masen
bridge 610 not moving so fast today That truck is totally wrecked
That truck is irrepairable I always hated trucks especially at noon now
Honesty  loyalty and love is all I need.
12pm and sitting on 610 fun fun Trucks are tipped over
You are not my everything  not the place to end my journey. The past is all over. Let the rain erase your trace. (Menghapus Jejakmu)
Trucks are spilling its cargo 610 isn't looking to fun right about now
trucks seem so dangerous more so at noon to me now Trucks are totally wrecked
trucks should not be on the same road as cars That truck is burning.
trucks should not be on the same road as cars Trucks are wrecked
That truck has been not gonna move again anytime soon trucks should not be on the same road as cars
trucks should not be on the same road as cars Trucks are tipped over
trucks seem so dangerous more so at noon to me now Trucks are tipped over
noon what perfect timing Trucks are trashed
Trucks are burning. traffic...on the 610...
trucks seem so dangerous more so at noon to me now I can't believe the terrible truck accident I just saw
That truck has been trashed 12pm and sitting on 610 fun fun
That truck has been spilling its cargo traffic will never move now on 610
I always hated trucks especially at noon now That truck has been irrepairable
I always hated trucks especially at noon now I can't believe how bad this truck accident it
piye rupane #newtwitter ??
Trucks are destroyed I always hated trucks especially at noon now
I can't believe the terrible truck accident I just saw feel like i'm camping out on the 610
Friendly Fire is not Tolerated.
My 20 month old toddler is running around the house naked  yelling 'I'm NAKED!' LOL! Ahhhh...life is so sweet when you're a baby!
Trucks are on fire. such terrible destruction and just in time for lunch
I can't believe the terrible truck accident I just saw 12pm and sitting on 610 fun fun
PR-good news. ES is going to be released from care center.
#newtwitter #newtwitter #newtwitter
traffic...on the 610... Trucks are not gonna move again anytime soon
trucks should not be on the same road as cars That truck is burning.
traffic...on the 610... That truck is on fire.
Trucks are smashed up 12pm and sitting on 610 fun fun
traffic will never move now on 610 Trucks are not gonna move again anytime soon
such bad traffic on 610... That truck is totally wrecked
such terrible destruction and just in time for lunch That truck has been on fire.
610 backed up I can't believe the terrible truck accident I just saw
feel like i'm camping out on the 610 I can't believe how much destruction this truck accident caused
oh why did this have to happen at noon That truck is smashed up
That truck is burning. 610 isn't looking to fun right about now
That truck is irrepairable I always hated trucks especially at noon now
Trucks are burning. 610 isn't looking to fun right about now
such terrible destruction and just in time for lunch That truck has been wrecked
is klaarrr  is overr
I can't believe how much destruction this truck accident caused 12pm and sitting on 610 fun fun
traffic will never move now on 610 I can't believe how much destruction this truck accident caused
Trucks are burning. I always hated trucks especially at noon now
oh why did this have to happen at noon That truck is totally wrecked
starving now that it is noon That truck has been on fire.
such terrible destruction and just in time for lunch That truck has been totally wrecked
